I hope Tian can learn from the past
Stop investing indiscriminately
Definitely. Definitely.
And Qi Tian is my fiancé
I hope I don't hear bad things about him again in the future
Understand?
shut up
Miss Ye
I can handle them
Maybe you think Qi Tian is worthless
But I'll tell you what.
His identity and status are yours
Can never be reached
Ye Yao won't guess my true identity, right?
Today you said let's go
Don't block the lady, I'll take it, you don't need it.
It's just that Miss Ye doesn't help him support the scene
Sister, do you really believe it?
How about what I just said?
Tian family?
I must think you are some hidden boss
Are you real?
I almost
They all thought they were the Dragon Lord
Hello little black
OK
Thank you
What's up
Happy event
I am alone